README.md, before:

# Kwop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

explained how kwop came about

README.md, after:

# Kwop

Kwop arose from me wanting to further cement my newly learnt Angular skills by using them practically in a project. 

So I was thinking with the ongoing COVID-19 outbreak. Right at the beginning of it, supermarkets were full of panic buyers which meant key workers couldn't get the food items they needed after a long shift fighting the battle against the virus. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jmSPOSGpAYs) video particular stood out to me.

Thankfully, that is all over due to the supermarkets stepping in and placing item limits as well as the level of panic buying decreasing. 

However, I still needed a project to work on and this idea came into my head of building a web app which allows key workers to create a food shopping list and collect their order from any supermarker they desire. Thus saving time getting their food items and giving them ease that they'll get the food items they desire.

So combining key workers (kw) and shopping (op)...kwop was invented!

NOTE: This project is in progress :)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.1.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
